refactor(curriculum): rewrite for RPG project (#53803)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-dom-manipulation-by-building-a-role-playing-game/62a8eec45f77bc69e8775294.md

---
id: 62a8eec45f77bc69e8775294
title: Step 140
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-140
---

# --description--

When the player dodges an attack, the game should display a message acknowledging the dodge.

Inside the `dodge` function, set `text.innerText` equal to the template string `You dodge the attack from the <monster>`. Replace `<monster>` with the name of the monster, using the `name` property.

> To test out your changes, click on the `"Fight dragon"` button and then click on the `"Dodge"` button. You should see the message display on the screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test your changes, click on the `"Fight dragon"` button and then click on the `"Dodge"` button. You should see the message displayed on the screen. 
```
